Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going
to explain a sci-fi film called "Push."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
As a young boy, Nick Gant has been told by
his father to help a girl who will give him
a flower in the future. His father, who can
control things telekinetically, has been on
the run from Division. The shadowy organization
has been set up after World War 2 to track down
humans with extraordinary abilities so that they
could use their power for military purposes.
His father explains that helping the girl
would also help other people like them.
As operatives from Division arrive at the
hotel, his father advises him against making
any decisions that can be tracked by watchers,
who are capable of seeing the future. Before
the team could raid the room, his father shoves
him telekinetically to another room to hide him.
Henry Carver, who’s leading the team, arrives and
signals the operatives to go ahead with the raid.
Nick hides in another room and watches the
assault. Not long after the team enters
the hotel room, he hears multiple gunshots and
witnesses two operatives, one disguised as a maid,
thrown against the wall. Carver emerges from the
room, telling his men to bring the body of Nick's
father back to their lab. Nick cries in silence
for his father as he watches Carver walk away.
Ten years later, Carver watches
a girl named Kira Hudson
as she gets injected with a drug that would boost
her powers but could also potentially kill her.
Somewhere in the facility, a woman drops a glass
marble on the floor as nurses lead her to a room.
Soon after the injection, Kira starts
having a seizure and ultimately flatlines.
When the doctor moves closer to inspect Kira,
she suddenly opens her eyes and attacks him.
She takes the doctor's security pass and grabs a
syringe from the tray before running out of the
room. One of the doctors sounds the alarm,
causing the doors at the facility to close
and lock automatically. As Kira runs toward the
exit, the glass marble rolls along the hallway,
leading to the door. Before the door
could close, the marble jams it,
allowing Kira to leave the facility.
Carver asks his right-hand man,
Victor, to alert all the sniffers, who track
down people with the object they once touched.
In Hong Kong, Nick wakes up in his apartment
practicing his power as a Mover to control the
dice telekinetically. He then goes to the park,
intent on using his superhuman power to cheat on
a dice game, but he fails to control the last
die. Nick, who now owes $6,000 to the dealer,
is beaten up and chased across the
park due to the debt he has incurred.
When he gets back home, two sniffs from
Division wait for him at the apartment
to ask him about a girl who had stolen
something that belongs to the organization.
After learning that Nick has been alone in the
apartment for a while, the agents leave him,
but they warn him not to bother running
because they'll track him down again.
Nick starts packing his clothes and grabs his gun,
but he soon receives a strange call telling
him to open his door and put his weapon down.
When he opens it, Cassie, a 13-year-old
watcher, barges into the room and heads
straight to the refrigerator to take
the chicken that she saw in her vision.
Cassie then introduces herself and tells Nick
that she's there to help him find $6 million.
Cassie discloses that she's a second-generation
watcher, and she can see glimpses of the future.
However, she admits that she's
not very good with her abilities,
and she can get things wrong sometimes.
Cassie claims that the money is in a suitcase
carried by the girl being hunted down by Division.
Nick, however, tells Cassie
that he doesn't want to get
involved with Division even if the money is real.
Despite Nick's reluctance, Cassie is confident
that he is going to help one way or another.
Cassie contends that terrible things will happen
if they don't find the girl and the suitcase.
Cassie suddenly gets a vision and tells Nick that
there are people after her in the market. As they
flee, they come across the gang known as the Pop
family. The Pop Father asks Nick about the girl on
the run from Division, saying his watcher daughter
had already seen Nick with her. The Pop Daughter
points a gun at Cassie, telling her that she
already knows how she dies. Cassie, confident that
she wouldn't die at that moment, throws Nick's
gun at her. Nick sends the Pop Father and his
henchman flying to the wall and runs away with
Cassie. A pair of bleeders, known for emitting
an ear-splitting noise, scream at them, causing
anything made of glass around the block to break.
Pop Girl soon gets a vision of them running to
the big fish tanks, so she tells the bleeders to
intercept them there. The aquariums break from
the bleeders' screams, causing Cassie and Nick
to slip. Nick tells Cassie to run as a bleeder
screams at him. Not long after, Pop Girl gets a
vision of Nick with Kira and Cassie, but she also
sees Kira disappearing when she's on her own.
So she points out to her father that
they'll lose the girl if they kill Nick.
At the pier, Kira wakes up on a
boat, not knowing where she is.
A man smoking a pipe ignores her as she
looks around the boat. Inside the cabin,
she sees "4100" and "Nick"
written on a mirror with lipstick,
so she takes her lipstick and writes down
"Nick" and learns that the handwriting matches.
That night, Cassie looks for Nick with the help
of her powers. As she wanders around the city,
she learns that Nick is in the care of a stitch
named Teresa, who can mend damaged tissue.
Teresa heals Nick, saying she's only doing
it because she owes Cassie's mother a favor.
After Teresa leaves, Cassie gives Nick a
Lotus. She reveals that Division locked
up her mother because they're
afraid they can't control her.
Cassie shows Nick a drawing of her vision, showing
a woman being taken by Division agents. She warns
that the agents that visited his apartment earlier
will soon capture the girl with the suitcase.
As they prepare to leave, Cassie shows him
another drawing depicting their dead bodies,
telling him that they'll both
die in pursuit of the woman.
As Cassie had foretold, Agents Mack and
Holden catch up to Kira on the streets.
On their way to the airport, they stop
by a cafe to let Kira use the toilet.
Inside a bathroom stall, Kira uses her ability
as a pusher to inject a false memory into Mack's
mind, telling him that he has a brother who Holden
killed. Mack furiously exits the toilet and shoots
Holden in the back. When he realizes what he's
done, he runs back to the bathroom to find Kira.
When she emerges, she splashes soap
in his eyes and tries running away,
but Mack catches her. During the scuffle,
Mack pulls out the beads on her bracelet.
She scratches the back of his head and beats
him with a portable bathroom sign. She finally
knocks Mack unconscious with a kick to the head
and leaves the toilet with his car keys and gun.
While riding the taxi with Cassie, Nick
practices his powers by lifting her sketch pad.
When he sees a drawing of a cocktail glass, he
tells the driver to go to a place called "Club B."
He notices a round object outside the glass,
thinking it's an olive, but Cassie tells him
that it's a bead. Nick suggests looking
for the bead to see where it takes them.
Meanwhile, Mack gives Kira’s beads to Carver,
telling him that he remembers everything about
his supposed brother, but Carver
reminds him that he never had one.
Carver orders Mack to go home,
saying he's relieved of his duties,
but Mack assures him that he'll never let
Kira push false memories into him again.
Carver urges Mack to put a gun in his mouth
and pull the trigger if he's willing to bet
his life on it. Carver tells him not to worry as
he inserts a false memory that Mack had already
unloaded his firearm earlier. Mack puts the gun
into his mouth and shoots himself as Carver and
Victor walk through the alley without any
concern for the dead agent. Carver tells
Victor to spread Kira's beads to every sniff
and watcher in the city until they find Kira.
When Nick and Cassie arrive at Club B, they
meet up with a shifter named Hook Waters,
who can morph objects. They ask Hook to
shift an object into a bead so they could
use it to track down the suitcase. After
transforming an earring into a shiny bead,
Hook tells them to take it to a sniff named Emily.
Upon their arrival at Emily's place, they
show her the bead that Hook shifted for them,
but they learn that she already has one of the
real beads distributed by Division. After sniffing
the object, Emily tells them that they'll find
the girl they're looking for in Kwun Tong Pier.
At the pier, Kira uses her ability to
convince a couple to give her a ride.
But before she could get in the car, she hears
Cassie and Nick arriving, so she fires her
gun at them. Nick recognizes Kira and asks if
she's the woman who Division is hunting down.
However, Kira is angry at Nick for not
searching for her when Division captured her,
but Nick thought she left him because
she stopped returning his calls.
While walking along the streets, Kira stresses
that Division is looking for the suitcase,
but she doesn't know what's inside it. She
discloses that she doesn't remember anything
that happened in the past few days. Nick
surmised that she had her memories wiped
to make it harder for Division to find her. Kira
notes that her memories of Nick are still intact.
Cassie takes Nick aside to tell him that something
has changed in the future because her mother
is now with them in her vision of their death.
She asks Nick to get rid of Kira because she's
making the future worse and she doesn't have the
suitcase, but Nick argues that they'll soon find
the case with her. Cassie worries that Division
will eventually capture Kira and take them along
with her, so Nick suggests bringing a shadow
to block the sniffers from tracking her down.
Later that night, they meet up
with a shadow named Pinky Stein,
who asks for $10,000 a day for his
services. He assures them that sniffs
won't be able to track Kira down as long
as she's standing within 20 feet of him.
The three check into a motel as they wait for
Kira to remember the location of the suitcase.
When Cassie goes outside to get something
to eat, Pinky leaves the room too,
sensing that Nick needs to be alone with
Kira. Nick lingers around the room until
Kira pushes him to make him think that
the bathroom is on fire. When he learns
that Kira wanted him to go inside, Nick shuts
the bathroom door as they begin to make love.
Outside the hotel, Pop Girl approaches Cassie to
remind her that she knows how Cassie will die.
She flips her sketchbook showing her
several drawings of a tiger and hints
that Cassie can still change
her fate by leaving Hong Kong.
When she gets back to the motel room, Cassie warns
Nick that Kira will get them all killed, including
Pinky. When she mentions the watcher, Pinky
warns them that watchers can still track them,
and it will only be a matter of time before they
catch up. Nick suggests splitting up the group to
throw off the people chasing after them. He tells
Kira to go with Pinky, promising her that he'll
find her soon. Cassie is passed out from drinking
alcohol, so they let her sleep, but she soon
wakes up from a vision. Later on, Pop Girl and the
bleeders arrive at the room, but no one is there.
After sending Kira off with Pinky, Nick
asks Emily to track down Carver using
the bead she got from Division. Nick finds
Carver at a restaurant and telekinetically
points a gun at him and Victor as he
confronts them. Carver taunts Nick,
saying he learned from the numerous watchers
he employs that Nick and his friends will die.
Carver warns him that Kira will die soon without
another injection, and Division is the only place
she can get it. As Carver continues to taunt him,
Nick's control of the guns starts to get weaker.
Victor soon manifests his ability as a
mover and wrests control of Nick's gun.
Nick swiftly moves the table to pin down Victor
to the wall. He then grabs a gun and runs away
as Victor shoots him. He slides on the floor,
firing at Victor, but Victor manages to block
each bullet. Nick floats the gun toward
Victor as they hide from each other. As
Nick fires the weapon at Victor, a firearm
is also slowly heading in Nick's direction.
Victor's gun soon reaches him, but it is
out of bullets. When Nick tries to run,
Victor knocks him down by hitting his head
with the firearm and tripping him with a chair.
Victor throws Nick around the room,
slamming him against the walls and ceiling.
Carver gets out of the restaurant and finds Cassie
drawing on her sketchpad. Cassie begs Carver not
to make her do anything to herself, but Carver
is not interested in hurting her because it will
change the future, and he already likes it the way
it is. Cassie warns him that killing Nick would
also change their fate, so Carver goes back inside
the restaurant to stop Victor from hurting Nick.
When they go back to the hotel, Nick
learns that Kira is starting to get sick.
Nick lies by Kira's side and
asks her what is in the suitcase.
Kira discloses that it's a psychic
steroid that will boost their abilities.
Division wants her back because she's the
only one who managed to survive the injection.
Cassie draws a picture of herself holding
Kira's shoe, so she comes inside the room and
shows it to Nick. When she inspects it, she
finds a key to a locker. Kira's condition
suddenly worsens, so they immediately go to
Emily's place to find out what the key unlocks.
Kira warns the group that Pop Girl will soon find
out what they'll do because
she sees their intentions.
Nick tries to think of a plan that would keep
the watcher from knowing about their plans.
Emily finds out that the locker is being shadowed.
Cassie realizes that she wouldn't be able to draw
the object if it's hidden. So she sketches on her
pad and learns that an entire building is being
shadowed to hide it from watchers. Meanwhile, Pop
Girl meets up with Teresa to ask for her help.
Nick notes that people keep dying in Cassie's
visions because Division and the Pop Family
track their every move. Nick asserts that
they'll make the future unpredictable by
not knowing their plans before they do it.
Nick announces that he'll be writing letters
giving each of the instructions, but they
should only read it at the right moment.
The last letter he writes will be
for himself. He asks Pinky to find
the man who wiped Kira's memory, so he
could forget about writing the letters.
Afterward, Nick asks Cassie to draw the exact
size and shape of the suitcase and the syringe.
Elsewhere, Pop Girl also comes up
with her sketch of the objects.
While Emily is sniffing the key, she discovers
that a tape is covering the locker number.
After finishing the drawings, Pop Girl, eager to
please her father, tells him that the Division
is looking for a syringe. She surmises that the
drug will make them more powerful than Division.
Nick tells Kira that she needs the
medicine from Carver, knowing that
they can't get it anywhere else. He gives
Kira a red envelope and tells her that she
should open it when she starts doubting the
truth. After sending Kira off with Pinky,
Nick distributes the remaining
envelopes to Emily, Cassie, and Hook.
After taking Kira to Carver, Pinky opens his
envelope and meets up with Nick to let him know
the location of Wo Chiang, the man who wiped
Kira's memory. Nick asks Wo Chiang to erase
his memory of the last two hours so that he would
forget writing letters to his friends and himself.
Nick drops money on the table and tells
him to open a letter when he's done.
When the clock hits 7:35, the
group starts reading the letters.
Nick asks Wo Chiang to go ahead
with the memory wipe. Not long,
Pop Girl loses her vision of Nick's future.
Hook goes into the shadowed building,
posing as a safety inspector. He heads to
the lockers and opens the red envelope,
which tells him that the particular locker he's
looking for is 4100. As he opens it, an elderly
woman fires a gun at him. Hook informs her that
she doesn't have to shadow the building anymore,
noting that Kira sent him. After taking a suitcase
from the locker, Hook heads back to the motel
room. He then shifts another suitcase to match
the color of the one he took from the locker.
Cassie brings a suitcase to Nick's apartment
and takes out Nick's guns from the drawer.
After Nick wakes up from the memory wipe, he
opens the envelope telling him to go home.
When he reaches the apartment, he finds the
suitcase inside, but Teresa attacks him.
After looking at the contents of the suitcase,
she gives it to the Pop bleeders. A bleeder tries
to scream at Nick, but Teresa stops him, saying
their sister promised that Nick would die slowly.
Meanwhile, Nick sees the guns stashed by Cassie
and telekinetically points them at Teresa,
asking her to heal him. When they deliver the
suitcase to Pop Father, he finds the syringe,
but it changes to a bottle of soy sauce as
soon as he hands it over to their client.
Pop Girl tells her bleeder brothers
that the real syringe is in a building.
Meanwhile, Carver tries to give Kira an
immunosuppressant that will save her life.
Kira, however, resists the injection, so Carver
assures her that they're not trying to hurt her.
Carver claims that Kira is actually a Division
agent, and she volunteered to be injected with
the drug. Carver shows Kira her I.D. at
the organization and points out that she
only eluded them because of her training. Carver
uses his ability, claiming to help her remember.
Cassie still worries about her supposed impending
death, so Nick advises her to start walking and
not think about where she's going so watchers
can't keep track of her. Nick tells Cassie to
hide once she comes across a safe place. Cassie
goes to the subway and arrives at an intersection.
Then, she covers her eyes and spins before
she continues walking in an unknown direction.
With Pop Girl tracking her every movement, Cassie
ends up in an attic of a Chinese restaurant.
She sees boxes with a tiger logo and looks at her
own drawing depicting herself being attacked by a
tiger. Soon, Pop Girl arrives, pointing a gun at
her and complaining that Cassie made her look like
a fool in front of her family. Suddenly, Wo Chiang
appears behind Pop Girl and wipes her memory.
As she leaves the attic, Wo Chiang tells
Cassie that her mother is proud of her.
Nick calls Carver to make a deal with him,
saying he'll surrender the drug for Kira.
When he goes to the meeting place, he sees Kira
in good health, asking him for the suitcase.
Kira reminds Nick of the first time he told
Kira he loves her, but she claims that it
was a planted memory. Kira claims that they met
for the first time the previous day. Although
Nick remembers running cons with her at Coney
Island, Kira asserts that he's never been there.
Nick soon receives a call from Hook, telling
Nick that he should take the drug. Hook then
asks Nick to pass the phone to Carver to tell
him that he'll have to let Kira and Nick live
if he wants the case. Victor and Carver go to
the location of the suitcase, taking Nick and
Kira along with them. When they arrive, Victor
knocks out Nick and puts him inside the trunk.
After taking the suitcase from the locker,
the Pop family arrives with their henchmen.
With numerous guns pointed at them,
Victor hurls sacks of colored powder
against the henchmen and blocks their
bullets to allow Carver to escape.
As the men keep firing at them, Victor throws
two thugs off the building. One of the men hits
Carver's car, damaging the trunk and allowing Nick
to get out. Nick makes his way up to the lockers
armed with two guns. A group of men catches up to
Kira, but she uses her ability to manipulate them.
When Nick calls out to Kira, the group protects
her and points their gun at Nick. Victor hurls
Nick down the stairs and sends him flying across
the room. As they engage in hand-to-hand combat,
Victor blocks the bullets flying in their
direction. They exchange punches until Nick
knocks him down. A bleeder arrives and screams at
them, so Victor uses a sharp bamboo stick to stab
him in the neck. Pop Father, enraged by the death
of his son, kills Victor with his sonic scream.
As Nick's ears start to bleed, he sends the
scaffolding crashing down on Pop Father.
Carver notices Kira manipulating a group of
men, so he tells her that he's impressed by
her abilities under the booster drug. He
tells her to march the men off the roof so
they could finally leave. Nick, however, stops
Kira telling her that Carver is pushing her.
Nick tries to attack Carver, but he blocks
the attack and manipulates him into jumping
off the building. However, Nick turns
around and takes the syringe from Carver.
When he sticks the needle into his arm,
Carver warns him that it will kill him.
Nick injects himself with the substance and starts
writhing in pain until he becomes unconscious.
After Carver and Kira leave, Cassie
arrives at the site and wakes him up.
After taking the real suitcase from a bin,
she tells Nick that Division will do whatever
it takes to keep the drug from getting into
the wrong hands. Cassie says she still can't
decide whether she'd trade the syringe for
her mother. When Nick asks what was in the
syringe that he injected into his veins, Cassie
discloses that it's "Nine Dragon Soy Sauce."
On a plane ride back to Division headquarters,
Kira sees the envelope that Nick prepared for her.
When she looks at the envelope's content, she
sees a photo of herself with Nick at Coney Island,
with a note telling Kira to kill Carver. As Carver
sleeps, Kira stares at him, instructing him to put
the gun in his mouth and pull the trigger. Soon
after Carver opens his eyes, he shoots himself.